c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.pdb
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\obj\Debug\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\obj\Debug\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.dll
c:\users\teia-don\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\obj\Debug\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.pdb
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.pdb
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.LogicaNegocio.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.AccesoDatos.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Entidades.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Fonet.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Comunes.Herramientas.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.LogicaNegocio.pdb
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.AccesoDatos.pdb
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Entidades.pdb
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\bin\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Comunes.Herramientas.pdb
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\obj\Debug\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\obj\Debug\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.dll
C:\TFS\LCCreditosFiscales\GeneraPDF\Sat.ServicioImpresion\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas\obj\Debug\Sat.ServicioImpresion.Pruebas.pdb
